---
layout: article
title: Please cast your vote!
author: Ben Joyce
img-src: /img/articles/vote.jpg
og-image: /img/articles/og/vote.jpg
---
Tomorrow is election day! Time to Vote Scott Powell in to the Parish Council!
===

We've been thrilled with the support Scott has received from you over the past few weeks, and now it's time to make all that support count by getting to the polling booth and encouraging your friends and family to do the same. The support has been amazing, but it all comes down to ballots cast so please make some time tomorrow to have your say.

I know tomorrow isn't exactly Trump vs Biden, but the Parish Council make decisions about what goes on in the village directly around us and that's got to be worth voting for, right?!

Don't forget your mask!

Information from The Electoral Commission
---
The Electoral Commission has published the following information on [voting in person during COVID-19](https://www.electoralcommission.org.uk/i-am-a/voter/voting-and-covid-19){:target="_blank"}:

+ You can vote in person at a polling station at the elections in May.
+ Polling stations will be open from 7am to 10pm. If there’s a queue, you’ll still be able vote as long as you joined it before 10pm.
+ Due to COVID-19, there will be safety measures in place at polling stations, to help you stay safe.
+ Social distancing measures will be in place, and there may be a limit on how many people are allowed inside the polling station. 
+ When you go inside, you will be expected to wear a face covering like you do when you go into shops or on public transport. 
+ You should sanitise your hands when you go into the polling station and when you leave. Hand sanitiser will be available on entry and exit.
+ The polling station staff  may be behind protective screens, like staff in shops, but you’ll still be able to ask them for help if you need it. 
+ Polling station staff will be cleaning regularly, so you might need to wait for a polling booth to be cleaned before you can use it.
+ You’re welcome to take your own pencil or pen with you if you’d like to. Clean pencils will be available for each voter.
+ Where possible, polling stations will have a one-way system, so be prepared to follow the signage and any instructions.